And in order to create a target model we're going to need a query.
And actually we're going to need Jake very obviously for much more than toggle button for all the features
like again like for example or hate this guy or he'll write this isotope right.
We're also going to need a Jacquard right.
So once we download it right and we're going to actually use a CDN.
So it's not really a download.
We just need to copy and paste the link but we're going to use it throughout the project.
So I'm just going to go to Google Jake worry Google CDN libraries are doing this and they're going to
go down here and I can see this is going to be my script that's always going to grab the script over
here and I'm going to copy this and we're going to jump back to our document we're here and the first
thing that I'm going to do I'm going to go all the way in the morning on here like this and I'm going
to say that this is going to be a Jake where you're here and ochreous right CD and all this and then
we're going to copy and paste this.
Right.
And now you can see that I have my Jake Larry.
And actually what I'm going to do over here I'm going to actually have a script write the script for
and I'm actually going to link it.
So I'm going to write your script press time here and are you going to say source and the source is
going to be script.
So going to have a script Yes.
And now let's just that out will it work.
So I'm going to say we're here in exchange you're not going to go to script.
Yes.
And over here we can just simply write that this is going to be alert and over here we're going to say
hello world you're going this we're going to say this and you can see that something is working right
that something meaning Jack we're in right because you can see now we have a whole world up here.
Right.
However we need to do something a little bit more sophisticated than just writing.
Right now it's not really hard.
But anyway we just need to write a few lines of code.
So first of all here we're going to use a dollar sign which is going to be selected for the inquiry.
No we are going to have a document.
Basically what I'm writing right now that I want my code to run only when the document sexually ready
when the HD amount has been downloaded or here or done here I'm going to say function like this.
And then we're going to have a curly braces right.
So this is an anonymous function right.
That's only going to run once the dam has been downloaded.
All right I'm going to have a dollar sign right here I'm going to be targeting the target.
So I'm going to say a dollar sign here I'm sorry hashtag which stands for A D I would say go between
here and then we say what what should happen when this is going to be an event listener right.
For a click event.
So here you can see händler.
I know I'm going to say on here that this is going to be a function.
Again I'm going to leave this anonymous function on here and what I'm going to say that for a links
like this I'm going to say that class of links are here and I'm going to do a slight doggo.
I'm going to say slide doggo.
All right so you can see we have slide down slide up Moroder is going to slide toggle off.
So then we have a slide going on here and in parentheses we're going to write again how long it takes.
And again I always like to have my transitions or animations happening more period of time just sort
of you can follow them.
They're actually working to hear these 3000 maybe seconds means three seconds.
So we say we're here now let's go maybe to the bigger screen right so we can close this guy over here.
Right.
And you can see this is going to be recording more refresh right.
We let the actual J.A.G. start working now.
Now we have a toddler right now.
Again if we would have set up this one would say to 1 right.
This is going to be much more closer to what you have with the bootstrap.
Right.
But set up is exactly the same right.
I mean they have maybe a little bit different icons right.
They have three bars in everything right.
This is how easy you can actually make your not more responsive just using a little bit of worry like
this.
Right.
And this is how we would work like this.
So we can actually save this or this or script and we were going to need it for now.
Right.
And we can actually go ahead and start working on here with the C Ss with this banner.